[WIP] Public beta docs for ephemeral values (#35899)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/state/sensitive-data.mdx

# Sensitive Data in State

Terraform state can contain sensitive data, depending on the resources in use
and your definition of "sensitive." Unless your variables or resources are `ephemeral`, the state contains resource IDs and all resource attributes. For resources such as databases, this can contain initial
passwords.

When using local state, state is stored in plain-text JSON files.

When using [remote state](/terraform/language/state/remote), state is only ever held in memory when used by Terraform. It may be encrypted at rest, but this depends on the specific remote state backend.

## Ephemeral data

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Public beta">

Ephemeral variables, outputs, and resources are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral values are subject to change.

</Note>
```

> -> **Note**: Ephemeral variables, outputs, and resources are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.1.0 and later. The workflows of ephemeral values are subject to change.

Author: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: Ephemeral variables, outputs, and resources are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral values are subject to change.
```

> Terraform allows you to mark variables, locals, outputs, and resources as ephemeral.  Marking a block with the `ephemeral` attribute tells Terraform that this data is available during runtime, but Terraform does not write that data to state or plan files. The `ephemeral` property is helpful when managing credentials, tokens, or other temporary resources you do not want to store in Terraform state files.

Reviewer 2: "Terraform allows you to mark variables, locals, outputs, _and resources as ephemeral_."

Not sure this was intended, but the latter part of this sentence seems to imply that you can mark existing `resource` blocks as ephemeral, rather than it being a completely separate concept that providers need to explicitly support.
